[Music]
good day ladies and gentlemen we have
got damos playing as the Force Commander
over here in blue a very vibrant Brew I
like this I like the blue he's going to
be allied with no who's playing as the
hi Tyrant against Mickey the Commando
knob always a funloving guy is our
Commando knob Mickey and we've got packs
on his chaos Lord who he so loves always
a chaos Lord not quite so fun not quite
so funly has SEC a power
node so going for double ter against
here no just wondering H his double ter
against as bad in 1 V one as it is in in
uh 2v2 I don't think it's as bad in 1 V
one as people make out I really
don't God everyone's so hyperbolic in
The Meta these days
if you aren't aware in The Meta now
people tend to be running double
Sluggers instead of double Shooters so
one shooter double Slugger openings and
likewise one termagant and double
harmers see back in my day people had a
lot of success just running triple
harmers but things just rotate around a
lot for most of the time the standard
build was to go double termers and
that's what piano or no is going to be
going with
today we'll see how it does kind of
needed with all the Garrison in this map
I mean you can see here Garrison's all
over the place Garrison's all over the
place might be a bit tricky actually to
deal with a Commando knob with his very
powerful twin link custom shooter H tant
found himself isolated he did manage to
cap the VP probably why the Sluggers
haven't taken that much damage he's too
busy capping but he does get Force off
which is not really ideal tur's going to
go down here and try and deal with this
KOB can they get some shots off well
they get some
not losing a model there thanks to their
synapse buff from The Hive Tyrant oh
hmas went
deep did they get a gen I'm not sure
they put a bit of damage on this one
probably not probably forced off by
these AC ticks but the advantage is that
these Space Marines then have deos manag
to get out and might have the chance to
cap this point we'll see battlecry going
in not really going to do a whole lot
though as long as the Heretics are
mobile oh they stop moving for a second
there it was going to be a big special
not quite
double attacks on this map actually
makes sense because you have very little
power for those of you who aren't
familiar with go goer deps oh maybe
losing the FC here n not quite it'll be
all right go goer depths is a little bit
unique cuz you've only got one natural
power per side which is pretty weird
remember in 2v2 you don't get the same
power income as you do in 1 V one so on
a normal map you'd have two Farms so
what that means is in essence your
builds really should be more requisition
intensive on this map and that's why
going double tax on this map makes a lot
of sense this is interesting from Mickey
I've not seen this for a while double
Shooters into double looters please you
can't be going triple looters Mickey I
know you're a fun dude you care of but
come on you don't want triple looters no
that was an OverWatch mistake he's
canceled that hmer still running down
the sidelines no opportunity to bash yet
oh here we go the layered looters yeah h
g light nope got to get out of there
going to get suppressed and shut down
pretty fast wonder what the response
will be might be a good time to actually
go for bioplasma since he's got the
ranged
things and he's really emphasizing those
ranged things with the B Strangler
Warrior brood quite a good map for the B
Strangler Warrior brood I would say
hiding behind shot blockers in these
locations like up here you can shoot
over the elevation I mean people can
shoot up there as well but here they
can't shoot you from down here but you
can shoot over sort of thing there's a
lot of you know you hide behind this
these canisters yeah good map for the B
strung L War brood but it's only a soft
C
to a setup team but combine it with
bioplasma you can hit the rear setup
team with bioplasma or the or the
frontal one hit the front one with the
bioplasma and uh Bast Strangler then
looks around the side and hits it with
hogot on a flank I it's going to require
a bit of micro there for on piano and
that's why he's saying can we put Power
mid he's double looing me on your side
or your side oh no he's saying he's
double looing him yeah can we put Power
your side I mean this is what deos is
doing he dropped a j down on this
side but it is tricky you've got Combi
ball to chaos Lord which has a bit of
range damage we've got AC GL Heretics
right now so these have got decent range
damage you got the grenade launchers
auto guns as well so it's it's quite
hard it's quite tricky to hold these
points when the enemies can just walk up
and they're very close to the base I
mean look from here you can see the best
for God's
sake barrage going to disrupt the attack
and stop the cap there and we've got a
bit of a flank coming in okay this loot
is going to be compromised by the B
Strangler gets its first burst off but
then it's going to take forever to
remove the cool
down um not sure why he's rotating here
oh the Sluggers I going to say I thought
the hmes could deal with these shooters
but nope not with Sluggers nearby
Sluggers will beat the the homers 1 V
one but there's now Focus Fire coming in
from teras and synapse on the homon from
the hi Tyrant which will help
can they kill that lead looter model in
time
yeah okay they force off one of them
think he can Brute Force his way through
here with the B Strangler yeah those
shooter boys need to run into Melly with
this B
Strangler need to run in and give it a
good
smack oh they couldn't quite get their
burst off oh but it's all right half
turret's now coming back out of Base
yeah it'll be fine fine so a little bit
bleed nothing too major though look at
the requisition for these players search
your requisition heavy map well less so
that more just the fact that power is
very lacking so you end up by default
with a lot more requisition then slows
down the game in terms of
tech but we do see that Pax is already
tier two PA I mean going for a really
really light tier one here I mean kind
of surprising he didn't get another CSM
Squad where has he been building okay he
built a gen here and a a
Nord Fox build
that he did yeah so he spent a lot of
wreck building Jens and nodes that's
what he's been doing and this is why
Mickey's been facilitated and going for
a load more units I mean quite a lot of
requisition here as well as power weird
boy is now a choice for Mickey so big
Tech lead here for for the red team
blood letters coming out for packs he
loves let me always goes blood letters
interesting to see no tier 1.5 from deos
probably recognizing Pack's going for a
very light build probably doesn't think
that if he goes tier 1.5 he'll be able
to get a bash and so probably not worth
it you would really want to get a bash
on this map if you go for tier 1.5
because especially if your opponent
isn't or you're going to fall behind on
Tech just
tremendously but conversely remember
because this is a map with only one gen
Farm in a 2v2 if you do bash the one
Farm it's absolutely devastating for the
opponents it's often why you see them
fighting over these contested powers and
trying to build them on them I think red
team did have a genen down here for
quite some time before piano managed to
destroy it so that might be a partial
explanation for their lead I'm not sure
if the attack from Mickey got many of
these gens oh that's a nice let the
Galaxy burn there on the gens going to
take one of them out do some damage over
time to that other
gen he going to do going to continue gen
bashing vomit coming in forcing them off
have we used the high explosive shells
nope there it is nice damage there onto
the turas it's obviously why he's got
that piece of Kit Slugger is doing very
well for default I feel feel like these
really could do with some
upgrades now the weird boy can be used
to control this B
Strangler keep knocking it over doesn't
want to be targeting the harmers yeah
that was
silly didn't M crew it going to get
forced off there
not watching his Sluggers either okay
does move them in
time rotating around with that kog oh
yeah nice bait into the homers oh they
leap onto the looters there but yeah we
still in player they got to get out gets
the Decap and then gets out of there I
suppose de must been forced off from the
south he's going to be getting a Razer
back good Synergy with your double tacks
faing them around and then they can get
out and unload their bolters
don't think the FC is going to get into
range there nope oh my God such high
damage from the death gun at close range
very scary and that was an FC with
artificer armor he didn't have AR
officer he'd have been
dead Ty guard coming out for piano no
other upgrades yet oh end the Swarm yeah
makes sense you got to go for the end
the Swarm when you ter to be honest you
do
they're both floating wreck
tremendously melee Commando is called
down by the global bar of the Commando
knob that is something he can get in
tier two now which is
cool no retreat grenades oh there is a
retreat grenade wow it seemed like that
was late but not really it was okay eh
didn't kill any blood letters though
which is a shame and then plague Marines
to counter the Razer back
Thunder Hammer the Force Commander to
control the blood letterers so we see
how this is playing out right now makes
sense so
far what's going on over here we still
got this ranged build from the
Orcs it's really annoying me that the
weird Bo isn't in cover he only has to
move like a foot forward but yeah this T
guard's a bit of a problem being super
heavy infantry and unsuppress he doesn't
really care about all this orc stuff
Shooters won't do anything to
him he's mobile so the weird Bo doesn't
do a huge amount of damage and of course
he can just sort of walk into looters
they will hurt him at close range but
not
much Scout ready wow very lucky for the
Razer back over here getting out with
four HP which is
absurd must have got caught by the
plague Marines there there's no other
real AV but plague Marines into blood
letters could be the end of it even
though blood letters are only Power
melee on rear armor they will do a
decent amount of damage and then we get
Stern guard interesting okay full range
build here from
deos yeah a lot of bolters going out but
we've got some Inferno bolters here from
the chaos Space
Marines so probably want to pick up some
plasma guns well probably just one
plasma gun try and count
that but we'll see only one source of Av
is not that reliable against a Razer
back I mean I am aware it went to 4 HP
before m
we didn't kill it and it's going to come
back and stay in play Mickey is now tier
three he only invested in
the oh no he got the he did get the
Commandos as well didn't he yeah he got
Commandos plus the um the weird boys
that that was actually quite an
investment I'm surprised Mickey is
already tier three
but PA can go tier three and he really
should be wow the red team are so far
ahead in terms of Eco why I don't even
get it blood letters plague Marines
razor back St guard that shouldn't be
that different
right but they must have just got no Eco
I don't understand how R have got so
much
more power but I guess piano recognizes
it so he's got double tant guard to put
the pressure on right and he's built
three gens on this side
the enemy isim I'm not sure that the red
team are aware that they're aheading
Tech yet so they might not destroy those
gens but ideally they
should oh looks like chaos a little bit
compromised here kind of caught out of
position lot of focus fire to go into
the blood leers when they're not under
worship yeah they got a phas out of
there L was in the back line though
going to control the force Commander
once again and a bit of focus fire from
the shooters for Commander might die
what's he doing
wow lucky suppress those Shooters just
in time
there but the vehicles will force them
off are they actually jum bashing yeah
they are okay good that's smart by
Mickey must be aware he's ahead in Tech
I wonder what the plan
is don't know why Pax isn't going tier
three maybe he's saving up for a
dreadnut but he's got so much power at
this point I won't
bother be a very late
dreadn so we got mini hi Tyrant sorry
mini Tyrant guard hi tyrant
108 DPS heavy melee with his crushing
claws which is actually quite a bit more
than a tant guard it is in fact the
highest DPS on any weapon in the game
and then he gets plus 300 Max HP this
nice regen and the ability to go in
vulnerable for 9 seconds with the bonded
X skeleton which is very very
strong very very strong tur's getting
bullied a fair bit by the commander
knob it's kind of his job right now hunt
them down with his shotgun but he needs
to be careful I think if he Retreats
right now yeah he might just retreat
through the melee and he does whoops big
mistake oh that'll be a satisfying kill
there for the hi
tant T is not too bad though I know they
lost six models on each but remember
they got endless swarm so they're
actually only paying for six models in
total there which isn't too bad for
teras it's not ideal you feed XP to the
opponent as well but sluger still level
one would by level one so it's not that
big of a deal yeah blood let is out of
worship there losing a model very
quickly to The Hive
Tyrant and a bit of a pins attack right
now tyranids on the North Space Marines
coming from the south Hax is finding
himself in a tricky spot plague Marines
are not going to be able to continue
shooting cuz the FC is just going to tie
them up so you're kind of
chilling you just sit there and repare
your razor back probably want to punch
these blood letters a bit it's not going
to bother guess another model anyway
nice play here though getting those
Commandos around the back decapping
that's what they should be doing pretty
much constantly now and yeah this little
Trio of monsters is basically
Unstoppable right now yeah they
definitely definitely do not want to
fight that with one
Slugger you need like three fully
upgraded melee units with a war
path so this is a bit f
oh Weir Bo couldn't go down
yeah that is another Kill from the h t
just a cheeky little poke there at the
end and that is the end of that weird
boy quite sloppy there Mickey I don't
really know why he took that engagement
so close to his base it wasn't seem very
necessary to me oh man this is going to
be bad Mickey just needs to Al X Out of
This engagement Retreat everything there
is a looted tank though I did not see
that building so that can actually count
the razor back but in terms of bleed
yeah this range damage is
insane are both the attacks here no just
single Tack and a Stern guard with a
Razer Back and Double termagant is a lot
of range damage for Orcs to be incurring
needs to micro that looted tank though
getting chopped up by crushing claws at
close range looted tank mostly an
anti-infantry vehicle I mean it is anti-
all but the the key trit about it is
that it shot it shots are slower than
other tanks but they do more Dam damage
but more importantly they do more
Splash so they're really good against
infantry because of that Splash if he
shoots the turant and they're blobbed up
you'll notice but the downside is that
his actual DPS against things like
Tyrant guard not great compared to other
tanks but you know give him enough time
he'll Whittle it down obviously a tant
guard cannot catch a tank as long as the
tank is microed correctly to drive
away so it's a good choice for Mickey
we'll see what piano goes for to try and
counter it of course he can get the
Venom cannon on the hive T but probably
just going to St with the crushing Claws
and the bonded exra skeleton whilst he
waits to get a carif
effect Pax did go tier three in the end
damos is tier three as well damos
probably wanting to save up for a land
Raider Redeemer at the moment LL sorry
the
lrr is phenomenal in team
games so double blood letters here from
a blood sacrifice from P under worship
going to be causing some problems
here brute forcing their way through a
piano's melee units to just push that
tank away to try and save this Tyrant
guard but yeah invulnerability is worn
off on the hi tant very lucky special
attack there but hi T needs to be very
careful going to die to the buls I
think yeah staying in for a very long
time trying to tie up these plague
Marines and he actually forces them off
Rhino got taken down ah we got the
missile launcher the rocket launcher as
he calls it on the KOB that is such a
powerful AV weapon
truly terrifying a
weapon so the razor Falls great and
clean went on route for packs and a
Predator Tank for demos not the land
Rider Redeemer I guess felt like it
would take too
long 161 VPS for The Blue Team Fair bit
left still got a lot of VPS to make up
though she just heard the announcer say
300 VPS ATT for the red team still
not sure what these tacks are doing
exactly just going over to cap I suppos
they caught down here took the natural
took the
wreck they're on capping
duties shocked to not see one plasma gun
but I guess the main threat really it
was the blood letters the CSM obviously
are gone now so you don't need the
plasma gun but it will be useful against
the goo
just an auto cannon on the Predator yet
not seeing a goo might not even get the
last cannon on it would make the DPS a
lot better against the great and clean
one but then you're less effective
against everything
else
en
US so decent let the Galaxy burn
unfortunately he didn't see the broess
in the back if you let the Galaxy burn
that it should one shot it which should
be very helpful so everything can just
reinforce off of this right now which is
not ideal Forex swarm of the Warriors
which is making the tank have to back
off doesn't want to get hit by an
electroshock
grub not when all this heavy melee is
loitering around the
place go nice
damage orele re-engaging but there is a
flank on the pr on the looted tank right
now by a
predator looks like can the Sluggers get
him oh messing around they didn't go the
shank and the are scared off the
Sluggers do we have a beam on Route no
no beamies really this looter back in
the base should be sing to OB be
me okay Vengeance rounds as well
attempting to block the the looted tank
with a capillary Tower and it worked
marginally will that by enough time for
the Predator to finish it gaining line
of sight with his Marines and that is
indeed enough for the Predator to take
out that looted tank very well played
with a flank there from
deos but that has opened up the
opportunity for a great unclean one to
slide his way along into the center of
the map and Pax has now took the
contested VPS are actually becoming a
bit more normalized foul snare there
onto the Force Commander going to
probably just force him off and then
back away not a tremendous amount of
damage coming in against the go right
now oh God that's a big vomit into a
rocks that's a nice rocks no reaction
there on the Predator from deos I guess
he just felt like he was going to lose
it anyway oh and then a stomp on Retreat
as well oh God that's a WIP itical
Marine is that that's a Stern guard wipe
as well oh wow and Scouts go down too
beautiful combo there beautifully done I
don't know what deos was looking at with
The Predator I think he could have still
moved it I'm not sure if it would have
survived
but yeah beautifully comboed the vomit
into the rocks and then he's on Retreat
path with a stomp yikes that's a lot of
losses for deos he's going to replace
the Predator but that is as you can see
all of his power
gone still got his capping level two
tactical Mar on the side they going to
win that fight yeah they'll win that
fight against the shooters and can go
for the natural VP if nothing's
defending it so that's something red
team might want to keep in mind now they
should probably have something defending
their natural VP while they push deep
like this it was going to be a Venom can
canif effect but since the looted tank
went down he's opted instead for the
format canif effect so he's now running
around with four heavy melee
bruisers Ripper spawned by said formb
back car
effects quite a brawl here blood letters
are really hurting this TG which needs
to go into Shield wall forcing off the
Heretics to get rid of that worship spot
so they can actually kill the D blood
letters yeah they want to back off need
to try and deal with a hi T right now
which is tying up plague Marines there's
another Tyrant guard what the hell I
thought he'd already gone oh he's still
in
play play needs to shoot
the canif effect po egg Marines are just
not getting the opportunity at all to
attack constantly getting tied up but
you
know that's a 2v one at that point
Predator coming over as well Theo can't
take everything on on his own he's not
really very good against
TGs melee Is Not Great against well
heavy Mele Is Not Great against tant
guards you want Power melee
really oh Commander I'm going to get
taken out again by
cix trying to kill the
Predator get snagged a looted tank again
for Mickey I really think he should be
going for a battle wagon he's had a lot
of resources in tier three I don't know
why he keeps going looted tanks right
now the the melter cannon on the battle
wagon would be great against these TGs
and just the mobility of it and the
durability you really get the looty tank
for anti-infantry and I don't think
infantry is the threat right now not at
all to be
honest I think the G should probably
just go back to the base it'll heal way
quicker 10 HP a second to try and heal
3,000 HP is going to take a very long
time
I like the foul snare into the Force
Commander I think he was trying to wait
out the stun there to be able to
teleport away but it didn't work too
much damage coming in with a chaos
Predator backing up the great and queen
one now this flank from the hmas is not
going to go down too
well just going to stay in melee vomit
onto the turas nice damage no backlash
though
surprisingly oh and there's a missile
hitting the the Predator plag Marin
should be shooting the car effect
effects what are they
doing man these things losing their
range resist is going to be such a huge
Nerf look at how little damage it's
taken from the Predator thanks to that
range resist while it's in melee but
he's going to lose that next
patch man it's going to be so much
weaker all right looks like the KOB was
that the KOB that managed to just snag
the back of that Predator there
lot tank still in play canif effect goes
down to the Predator now the TGs are
struggling to keep Pace with the corn
speed worship boosted great and clean
one our
Ally
eny
Ena think he yeah we got the electro
shck grub but there's not really any
followup tg's at the moment concerned
about the center VPS are getting very
important right now 46 VPS left for the
red team but they still got the guo he
just needs to heal at base I think when
he comes back out though the forces have
got so weakened that his durability is
just going to be pretty hard to compete
with and right now the two TGs are still
in player but they're isolated in Shield
wall not sure that they're going to
survive this here here nothing to count
the
tanks so the massm is quite threatening
but not that threatening eh not against
tanks neuro thrope is a it's not right
choice I guess I don't think I'd have
bothered again I don't really feel like
well okay yeah it's he's got it to kill
the gr and clean one hasn't he I forgot
about that going say out really a threat
here but the Goa was definitely a big
threat kill that with the
paroxismo throp but unfortunately at
this point the G is not the threat it's
all this these these dual tanks really
they're the
problem go and the pre should deal with
that tarant guard that was the third
tant guard just spamming them to try and
stall out the remaining VPS but I don't
think it's going to work n that's not
enough time then the red team already
hold the VPS and they can't get it
back I think deos should have gone for
the land raer Redeemer not the PRS
though the first PR flank was pretty
effective I mean it killed the looted
tank but I think the land Raider
Redeemer would have been better and then
piano can just go for the Venom couns to
deal with the tanks instead instead of
the th back he already had enough sort
of melee Walker power with a hive tyan
and the double Tyrant guard yeah he
could have gone Venom F and then euring
one of our VI
points the accept of defeat is an inv go
once again doing amazing CR and clean
one of the best super units in the game
it's so funny I see so many videos of
ban blades and great unclean ones and
land Raider foboss on injuries Channel
just doing absolutely a b isal cuz the
enemy just walks them into free
opponents solo and just gets wrecked
instantly but yeah you obviously the
smaller the game mode the stronger super
units are if you actually can field them
obviously it's very difficult to fi a
super unit in 1 V one but if you do it's
practically always GG and then 2v2 is in
the middle in 3v3 it's not too hard to
field them but again I really think
battle I think honestly battle wagon for
Mickey land Raider Redeemer for deos
would have been the players here I think
Mickey did an amazing early game he was
definitely dominating piano until piano
got that duel Tyrant guard hi Tyrant
thing going on and that looted tank came
out and it and it sort of pushed them
back kind of but then when he lost it to
the flank from deos Mickey sort of
capitulated from there and didn't really
contribute very much and PX really
carried actually at that
point and that might be sort of talking
about the macro of the strategy that
they used here P clearly in the other
game not investing that much
but really getting a lot of gens for the
team and that allowed Mickey to go for a
bigger tier one and then it's no
surprise that the red team built most of
the gens on this side of the map away
from Pax cuz PA only had Heretics and
CSM right whereas Mickey had the five
units um in TI one so it all adds up
yeah pretty cool to see I like go Goa
depths you get a lot of awesome big
fights in the end game and it's just
weird it's it's cool to see the weird
builds that you get from having less
power hope you enjoyed that one folks
that's going to be all from your Bo top
this time I am signing out
[Music]